Link the SAP Cloud SDK (#861)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/scenarios/CAP_Scenario.md

# Build and Deploy Applications with Jenkins and the SAP Cloud Application Programming Model

> Set up a basic continuous delivery process for developing applications according to the SAP Cloud Application Programming Model. For the  SAP S/4HANA SDK Pipeline, provided in the [SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/topics/cloud-sdk.html), please consult the [SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery documentation](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-s4-sdk-pipeline). The Cloud SDK pipeline is based on project "Piper" as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a basic continuous delivery process for developing applications according to the SAP Cloud Application Programming Model. If you're building extensions of SAP solutions such as SAP S/4HANA, consider using [SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/topics/cloud-sdk.html) and [SAP Cloud SDK Pipeline](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-s4-sdk-pipeline) which provides an out-of-the-box continuous delivery pipeline based on project "Piper".
```
